PKI: Add management APIs for ACME accounts (#29173)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/pki/issuance.mdx

      "key_type": "hs"
    },
    "key_id": "2ea9859a-eba8-ff24-cd03-2a51639fc7d5",
    "orders": [
      {
        "cert_expiry": "2024-12-13T17:55:28Z",
        "cert_serial_number": "4a:6f:d0:f7:13:55:f7:c9:19:82:fc:34:69:67:77:2e:58:27:02:8b",
        "identifiers": [
          "testing.dadgarcorp.com"
        ],
        "order_expiry": "2024-12-13T12:56:04-05:00",
        "order_id": "90699994-8863-571c-26b0-46755e0db351",
        "status": "valid"
      }
    ],
    "revoked_time": "",
    "status": "valid"
  },
}
```

### Update ACME Account Info

This endpoint allows updating an ACME account's status to revoke or re-enable it by
a Vault operator. The returned response contains the ACME account information without,
any order or certificate details.

| Method | Path                                   |
|:-------|:---------------------------------------|
| `POST` | `/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid/:key_id` |

#### Parameters

- `key_id` `(string: <required>)` - The id of the ACME account to read.
  This is part of the request URL.

- `status` `(string: <required>)` - The status to update the account to, allowed
  values are `revoked` and `valid`.

>  ~> Note: Setting the status to `revoked` will forbid any further operations

Reviewer: FWIW, the docs team appears to be favouring `<Note>` tags now, see for example https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/29136/files

Author: TIL, fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/29173/commits/6427ec24292557f70ab67475ec2d369a34bc086d

}
```

### List ACME Account Keys

This endpoint returns a list of ACME account key identifiers.

| Method | Path                           |
|:-------|:-------------------------------|
| `LIST` | `/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid` |

#### Sample request

```
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request LIST \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid
```

#### Sample response

```
{
  "data": {
    "keys": [
      "2ea9859a-eba8-ff24-cd03-2a51639fc7d5"
    ]
  }
}
```

### Get ACME Account Info

> This endpoint returns the account information for a given ACME account key along with
> the associated orders and certificate details issued within the account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `GetAcmeAccountInfo` endpoint returns account information,
including orders and certificate details, for the provided ACME account
key.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

| Method | Path                                   |
|:-------|:---------------------------------------|
| `GET`  | `/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid/:key_id` |

> #### Parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Path parameters
```

> - `key_id` `(string: <required>)` - The id of the ACME account to read.
>   This is part of the request URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `key_id` `(string: <required>)` - ID of the target ACME account.
```

}
```

> ### List ACME Account Keys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### List ACME account keys
```

The `ListAcmeAccountKeys` endpoint returns a list of ACME account key
identifiers.

| Method | Path                           |
|:-------|:-------------------------------|
| `LIST` | `/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid` |

#### Sample request

```
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request LIST \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid
```

#### Sample response

```
{
  "data": {
    "keys": [
      "2ea9859a-eba8-ff24-cd03-2a51639fc7d5"
    ]
  }
}
```

> ### Get ACME Account Info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Get ACME account info
```

|:-------|:---------------------------------------|
| `GET`  | `/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid/:key_id` |

#### Path parameters

- `key_id` `(string: <required>)` - ID of the target ACME account.

#### Sample request

```
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/pki/acme/mgmt/account/keyid/2ea9859a-eba8-ff24-cd03-2a51639fc7d5
```

#### Sample response

```
{
  "data": {
    "contacts": null,
    "created_time": "2024-12-12T12:55:50-05:00",
    "directory": "acme/",
    "eab": {
      "created_time": "2024-12-12T12:55:29-05:00",
      "directory": "acme/",
      "eab_id": "24c0673a-df53-0671-a628-e7b9c995485c",
      "key_type": "hs"
    },
    "key_id": "2ea9859a-eba8-ff24-cd03-2a51639fc7d5",
    "orders": [
      {
        "cert_expiry": "2024-12-13T17:55:28Z",
        "cert_serial_number": "4a:6f:d0:f7:13:55:f7:c9:19:82:fc:34:69:67:77:2e:58:27:02:8b",
        "identifiers": [
          "testing.dadgarcorp.com"
        ],
        "order_expiry": "2024-12-13T12:56:04-05:00",
        "order_id": "90699994-8863-571c-26b0-46755e0db351",
        "status": "valid"
      }
    ],
    "revoked_time": "",
    "status": "valid"
  },
}
```

> ### Update ACME Account Info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Update ACME account info
```
